CREDITS.md, before:

Credits
=======

- [@iHeartMalware](https://twitter.com/iheartmalware)
  - Organizing the project
  - Crock Pot Pulled Pork (Entrees)
  - THE Purple Drink (drinks)
- [@TheDevilsVoice](https://twitter.com/TheDevilsVoice)
  - Organizing the project
  - Street Corn
  - Jangajji
- @da_667 - Crock Pot Cheesey Chicken Chili (Dinner)
- ``Ajn <https://github.com/x41x41x90>``\ \_\_
- [@v3rtig0 (Russ Rogers)](https://twitter.com/v3rtig0)
- @timstrazz aka diff - diff’s Asian Chicken Wings
- @boredsilly
- @0xrnair - Monster Chicken Burrito
- @b1ack0wl - Holiday drink
- @n1c_Fury - AES-Avocado Eggs Sriracha
- @Wireghost - Eclectic Freedom Fries
- [@dualcoremusic](https://twitter.com/dualcoremusic) - Drink all the booze, Hack all the things!
- [@jmarler](https://github.com/jmarler) - Marler’s Quick Migas
- @aaron_the_king
  - Chicken Parm Nachos
  - Hashbrownpatty Bacon Sandwich
  - Dishwasher Salmon
  - Tea Tasting Can
- [@hardwaterhacker](https://twitter.com/hardwaterhacker)
  - Grilled Cedar Plank Salmon
  - Crispy Parmesan Walleye
  - Smoked Whitefish
- [@dis0wn](https://twitter.com/dis0wn_) Matt Wagenknecht
  - Whiskey Cranberry Brussel Sprouts
  - Two-Cheese Bacon Cauliflower Potato Soup
- [@travelar](https://twitter.com/erikburgess_) - Southwest Pork Chops
- @rahlquist Slow Cooker Chorizo Black Bean Stew
- @wireheadlance - Fried chicken and gravy recipe
- @TailPufft - Tons of desserts and cookies
- [@moonbas3](https://twitter.com/moonbas3) - Ribs, Pot Roast, “New” Fashioned
- [@deviantollam](https://twitter.com/deviantollam) - Sous vide Steak
- [@Wishperactual](https://twitter.com/Wishperactual) - Peppernuts
- [@aaronsteimle](https://twitter.com/aaronsteimle)
- [@TunnyTraffic](https://twitter.com/tunnytraffic) - Foolproof Victoria Sponge
- [@benheise](https://twitter.com/benheise) - English-style Bangers and Mash
- [@wimzkl](https://twitter.com/wimzkl) - Caramelized Onion and Mushroom Stuffin’
- [@BitSledge](https://twitter.com/bitsledge)
  - Sticky Pork Belly
  - Bone Marrow Mushrooms
- [@panadero](https://twitter.com/panadero) - Sausage balls
- @tiptone - Mexican Martini
- [leicynthia100](https://github.com/leicynthia100)

Commit message:

book generation (#120)
* reorganize the file structure

* testing new section headers

* cleanup images in markdown

* test doc generation

* test doc generation

* test doc generation

CREDITS.md, after:

# Credits

- [This link shows exactly who did and did not on this project](https://github.com/DEAD10C5/1337-Noms-The-Hacker-Cookbook/graphs/contributors)

These folks have added their recipes to the project, and their names to this file:

- [@iHeartMalware](https://twitter.com/iheartmalware)
  - Organizing the project
  - Crock Pot Pulled Pork (Entrees)
  - THE Purple Drink (drinks)
- [@TheDevilsVoice](https://twitter.com/TheDevilsVoice)
  - Organizing the project
  - Street Corn
  - Jangajji
- @da_667 - Crock Pot Cheesey Chicken Chili (Dinner)
- [Ajn](https://github.com/x41x41x90)
- [@v3rtig0 (Russ Rogers)](https://twitter.com/v3rtig0)
- @timstrazz aka diff - diff’s Asian Chicken Wings
- @boredsilly
- @0xrnair - Monster Chicken Burrito
- @b1ack0wl - Holiday drink
- @n1c_Fury - AES-Avocado Eggs Sriracha
- @Wireghost - Eclectic Freedom Fries
- [@dualcoremusic](https://twitter.com/dualcoremusic) - Drink all the booze, Hack all the things!
- [@jmarler](https://github.com/jmarler) - Marler’s Quick Migas
- @aaron_the_king
  - Chicken Parm Nachos
  - Hashbrownpatty Bacon Sandwich
  - Dishwasher Salmon
  - Tea Tasting Can
- [@hardwaterhacker](https://twitter.com/hardwaterhacker)
  - Grilled Cedar Plank Salmon
  - Crispy Parmesan Walleye
  - Smoked Whitefish
- [@dis0wn](https://twitter.com/dis0wn_) Matt Wagenknecht
  - Whiskey Cranberry Brussel Sprouts
  - Two-Cheese Bacon Cauliflower Potato Soup
- [@travelar](https://twitter.com/erikburgess_) - Southwest Pork Chops
- @rahlquist Slow Cooker Chorizo Black Bean Stew
- @wireheadlance - Fried chicken and gravy recipe
- @TailPufft - Tons of desserts and cookies
- [@moonbas3](https://twitter.com/moonbas3) - Ribs, Pot Roast, “New” Fashioned
- [@deviantollam](https://twitter.com/deviantollam) - Sous vide Steak
- [@Wishperactual](https://twitter.com/Wishperactual) - Peppernuts
- [@aaronsteimle](https://twitter.com/aaronsteimle)
- [@TunnyTraffic](https://twitter.com/tunnytraffic) - Foolproof Victoria Sponge
- [@benheise](https://twitter.com/benheise) - English-style Bangers and Mash
- [@wimzkl](https://twitter.com/wimzkl) - Caramelized Onion and Mushroom Stuffin’
- [@BitSledge](https://twitter.com/bitsledge)
  - Sticky Pork Belly
  - Bone Marrow Mushrooms
- [@panadero](https://twitter.com/panadero) - Sausage balls
- @tiptone - Mexican Martini
- [leicynthia100](https://github.com/leicynthia100)
